**Installation**: 

Create a python3 virtual environment and after enabling the data generation virtual environment, install the necessary requirements as follows:

1. Run pip install requirements.txt to install all external requirements
2. Run python setup.py develop to install unsupervised_rbt package

**Basic Usage**: 

You will mostly interact with files in the tools folder, which all have corresponding files in the config/tools/ folder
which specify paramaters for these files. The shuffle dataset script shuffles the tensor datasets generated by the data
generation scripts to make sure the training process is iid.

**Self-Supervised Rotation Prediction Task**:

Data Generation: See tools/data_gen.py for generating data for the task. There is already a dataset that has been generated earlier called xyz-axis_shuffled

Example usage: python tools/data_gen.py {dataset_name}

Training: Make sure to either generate data or use pre-generated data. For training see tools/unsup_rbt_train.py

Example usage: python tools/unsup_rbt_train.py {dataset_name}. For now can use the dataset called xyz-axis_shuffled

**Downstream Task: Pose Agnostic Object Matching**:

Data Generation: See tools/data_gen_downstream.py for generating data for the task. There is already a dataset that has been generated earlier called downstream

Example usage: python tools/data_gen_downstream.py

Training: Make sure to either generate data or use pre-generated data. For training see tools/semisup_rbt_train.py for
training with initialization from self supervised rotation prediction task and tools/sup_rbt_train.py for training with
random initialization

Example usage: python tools/semisup_rbt_train.py {dataset_name} or python tools/sup_rbt_train.py {dataset_name}. For now can use
the dataset called downstream

**Downstream Task: Pose Agnostic Object Classification**:

Data Generation: See tools/data_gen.py for generating data for the task. There is already a dataset that has been generated earlier called xyz-axis-obj-pred_shuffled. Use argument objpred to generate data for pose agnostic object classification

Example usage: python tools/data_gen.py {dataset_name}

Training: Make sure to either generate data or use pre-generated data. For training see tools/semisup_obj_prediction.py for
training with initialization from self supervised rotation prediction task and tools/train_obj_prediction.py for training with
random initialization

Example usage: python tools/semisup_obj_prediction.py {dataset_name} or python tools/train_obj_prediction.py {dataset_name}. For now can use
the dataset called xyz-axis-obj-pred_shuffled.